add pretraining option to init config (#6084)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/api/cli.md

| `output_file`          | Path to output `.cfg` file or `-` to write the config to stdout (so you can pipe it forward to a file). Note that if you're writing to stdout, no additional logging info is printed. ~~Path (positional)~~                                                                                                                        |
| `--lang`, `-l`         | Optional code of the [language](/usage/models#languages) to use. Defaults to `"en"`. ~~str (option)~~                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `--pipeline`, `-p`     | Comma-separated list of trainable [pipeline components](/usage/processing-pipelines#built-in) to include. Defaults to `"tagger,parser,ner"`. ~~str (option)~~                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `--pretraining`, `-pt` | Include config for pretraining (with 'spacy pretrain'). Default False. ~~bool~~                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--pretraining`, `-pt` | Include config for pretraining (with [`spacy pretrain`](/api/cli#pretrain)). Defaults to `False`. ~~bool (flag)~~                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

$ python -m spacy init fill-config [base_path] [output_file] [--diff]
```

| Name                  | Description                                                                                                                         |
| --------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `base_path`           | Path to base config to fill, e.g. generated by the [quickstart widget](/usage/training#quickstart). ~~Path (positional)~~           |
| `output_file`         | Path to output `.cfg` file. If not set, the config is written to stdout so you can pipe it forward to a file. ~~Path (positional)~~ |

> | `--pretraining`, `-p` | Include config for pretraining (with 'spacy pretrain'). Default False. ~~bool~~                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--pretraining`, `-pt` | Include config for pretraining (with [`spacy pretrain`](/api/cli#pretrain)). Defaults to `False`. ~~bool (flag)~~                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

Author: it's actually `-p` for the `fill-config` and `-pt` for `init config` because the latter already had a `-p` for the pipeline. Do we want to use `-p` for both?
